#Baby Growth Record Privacy Policy
##This application attaches great importance to the user privacy policy and strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before continuing to use it. If you continue to use our services, you have fully read and understood all the contents of our agreement.
##This app respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and high-quality services, this app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this app will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to a third party without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service use agreement, you will be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy.
##1. Scope of application
##(a) The personal registration information you provided according to the requirements of the app when you registered the app account of the app;
##(b) When you use the application network service or visit the website of the application platform, the application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information and the website records you need;
##(c) Personal data of users obtained by the application from business partners through legal means.
##(d) This app prohibits users from publishing bad information, such as naked, pornographic and profane content. We will review the published content. Once bad information is found, all permissions of the user will be disabled and the user will be blocked.
##2. Use of information
##(a) This app will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal login information to any unrelated third party. If our storage is repaired or upgraded, we will send a push message to notify you in advance. Please allow this application message notification in advance.
##(b) This app also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information for free by any means. If any user of the application platform engages in the above activities, once found, the application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
##(c) For the purpose of serving users, the app may provide you with information you are interested in by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with the app partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
##3. Information disclosure
##Under the following circumstances, this app will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal will or legal provisions:
##(a) We will not disclose to any third party without your prior consent;
##(b) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party;
##(c) Disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of laws or the requirements of administrative or judicial authorities;
##(d) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party;
##(e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
##4. Information storage and exchange
##The information and materials about you collected by the app will be stored on the servers of the app and/or its affiliated companies. These information and materials may be transferred to your country, region or outside the country where the information and materials collected by the app are located, and accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.
##Cookie usage
##(a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of the app platform that depend on cookies. Cookies can provide you with more considerate personalized services, including promotion services.
##(b) You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the application's network services or functions that depend on cookies.
##(c) This policy will apply to the relevant information obtained through the cookies set up in this application.
##6. Changes to this Privacy Policy
##(a) If we decide to change the privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on the company's website and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.
##(b) The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. In case of any major change to this policy, the Company will notify it through website notification.
##Party A discloses its personal information, such as contact information or postal address. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the user name and password of the application, please contact the customer service of the application immediately so that the application can take corresponding measures.
##Thank you for taking the time to understand our privacy policy! We will do our best to protect your personal information and legitimate rights and interests. Thank you again for your trust!
